fix: adjust redirected URLs to use target (#8358)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: apis/channels.json.adoc

|*fieldPath* +
__optional__|If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: "spec.containers{name}" (where "name" refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified "spec.containers[2]" (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.|string
|*kind* +

> __optional__|Kind of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__optional__|Kind of the referent. More information, see link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/[Objects in Kubernetes].
```
